For exercise, to work with Vuex getters,
we are going to work on
switching out the logic in our component
so that it's switch languages.
And the logic for switching languages
is handled in our Vuex getter.
Let's look at the code just to
see what exactly I mean by this.
So here we have our inventory.
Specifically the item as
well as some supplies so
we can decrement as well as increment it.
But the piece that I want you to
focus on is this essentially so
I can toggle between
languages really easily.
And so that is the exercise that
we are going to be working on.
We'll go over the solution for
this particular exercise.
And I'll pull up the version that
doesn't work at the moment and
we'll slowly work our way through
to get to what we need to do where
the translation happens in the getter and
not in the component itself.
So one thing to note is that we
have this translations object
that's sort of outside of our
Vuex store and our components.
The way in which we are doing the language
toggle does happen in the dispatch.
So we are dispatching a toggle language
and the action is actually toggling and
switching that language appropriately.
So that is happening, but
the piece in which the data is
updated happens within the component,
which is sort of what we want to move away
from, we want to use a getter instead.
So in order to do this,
we need to update this particular
piece which is the translation code.
So we're going to be moving
away from doing this,
which is essentially
grabbing the translations.
So we're adding the translations
to the data attribute and
then we are specifically
grabbing the state.
So what we can do instead is
we can move this to a getter.
So the way that we'll do that is we will
have a getter, and already is there.
It's called translate Lang.
And what we'll do is we will look for
the translations.
And then I believe it's
accessing the states.
Hold on, I need to check this, yeah.
So the way we're doing it is we're
just looking at translations which
is a global object and then we're going to
specifically grab the language selected.
So we have access to the states and
we can grab that and
we obviously need to return it because
the getter requires that return value.
And then in our translation itself,
we're no longer hard coding that piece.
We're just going to return that getter.
So we called our getter,
I believe, translate Lang.
So let's call it this and
then we run it.
And our code should work as expected.
Because now it is no longer doing
the hard coding of the translation in our
component, it's doing it
via the getter itself.